1)What is Emmet?
A way of generating a code, it is a shortcut through which we can create a full fledge code like !, we can create a html boiler plate.

2) Difference between a Library and Framework?
Library is a collection of predefine code use for performing various operations
the difference btw them is basically inversion of control. In library you have a control over when and where to use functionality, where as Framework has certain sets and rules , and accordingly framework control how and when to use. 

3) What is CDN? Why do we use it?
CDN is a content delivery network, it is a distributed server system. we use it to improve the performance and recieve a respond from server faster.

4) Why is React known as React?
React is known as React because of its ability to react to changes  of State or behavior efficiently and quickly

5) What is crossorigin in script tag?
crossorigin in a simpe term can explain as requesting for resources or data from one domain to another domain

6)What is diference between React and ReactDOM
React at its core, contains all the core functionality , code of react, powerful algorithm use for creation react Components, ekements for build UI, whereas ReactDOM act as bridge between reacts virtual dom and actual dom

7) What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?
react.development.js  is use for development purpose which include additional features like helping functions, debugging , error messages etc , whereas react.production.js is used for production environment which optimises the files , minified it and the app faster and does not contain development features

8)What is async and defer?
async script is downloaded in parallel to the HTML parsing.
Once downloaded, it is executed immediately, which pauses the HTML parsing.
Scripts with async are not executed in order if multiple async scripts are present.

defer - 
The script is downloaded in parallel to the HTML parsing.
It is executed only after the entire HTML document is parsed.
Multiple defer scripts execute in order.